feat: Activate Ink aDI path (#656)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20250325_AaveV3Ethereum_InkADIPathActivation/InkADIPathActivation.md

---
title: "Ink aDI path activation"
author: "BGD Labs @bgdlabs"
discussions: TODO
---

## Simple Summary

Proposal to register the necessary Ink adapters on a.DI, a technical pre-requirement for an activation vote of Aave v3 Ink.

## Motivation

In order to be able to pass messages from Ethereum to Ink via a.DI (Aave Delivery Infrastructure), it is necessary to at least have three valid adapters Ethereum → Ink smart contracts enabled in the system.

> The first case of message passing Ethereum → Ink is the activation proposal for an Aave v3 Ink pool and consequently, to be able to execute on the Ink side the payload, the Aave governance should approve in advance the a.DI adapters smart contracts.

Reviewer: I think we should change this sentence as we won't activate the Ink pool via governance but only configure the CCIP GHO stuff

> The first case of message passing Ethereum → Ink is the activation proposal for GHO instance on Ink, and consequently, to be able to execute on the Ink side the payload, the Aave governance should approve in advance the a.DI adapters smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first case of message passing Ethereum → Ink is the proposal for GHO CCIP configuration on Ink, and consequently, to be able to execute on the Ink side the payload, the Aave governance should approve in advance the a.DI adapters smart contracts.
```
